central air-conditioning Carly Norris
knew what she wanted I'll take the
apartment a prestigious address so
you're moving in today
welcome to 113 don't like it here thank
you
an incredible view
look at her she's a Boyar she can't get
but from the moment she moved in
[Music]
someone was watching what secrets do I
I've never - someone was waiting if you
just someone it's really strangers she
was in 20 V as well
well she didn't she jumped out the
window
someone who knows her fantasies
could never and sees our every move
I fell in the shower broke his head
people died here two years
[Music]
Sharon Stone
William Baldwin Tom Berenger at 113 East
38th Street the view from the outside is
nothing
compared to the view
[Music]
inside
sliver
[Music]